What is Customer Relationship Management(CRM)?

CRM softwares allows business to manage their customer and prospect relationship with data. We can store, track, analyes
and prospect information at the central location, including contact and account info, sales opp, service cases, marketing etc.
    With CRM all custometrs data store at the central location, organisation have complete picture of the customer
    that can be shared and analyes by then team in real time. 


Prospects — the potential customers you want to sell to — are the fuel for the sales pipeline.
            Every prospect represents a possible deal. So growing your base of prospects and working 
            to nurture them will grow your revenue


What all CRM available in the market?

1. Salesforce
2. NetSuite 
3. SAP
4. ZOHO
5. SugarCRM
6. Zendesk
7.HubSpot
8. Sage
9. Freshworks
10.Apptivo

Salesforce?
Salesforce is world's no.1 CRM platform. It helps marketing, sales, commerce, services and IT team to work as one
accross the gloab. 

What is the purpose of Salesforce?

Salesforce is a cloud based CRM and the main purpose of Salesforce to help business run effeciently and profitably
by lowering cost of owning hardware infrastructure. 

Why salesforce is the best CRM in the industary?

1. Salesforce provides management transparency for companies with what’s going on in different teams.
2. They assist a company’s marketing staff in creating and tracking various marketing programs, as well as 
instantly providing leads to the sales team.
3. They maintain track of numerous customer complaints and monitor them for resolution depending on various escalation rules, 
such as the client’s priority and the amount of time that has passed.
 This improves customer satisfaction by making sure problems don’t fall through the cracks and
  go straight to the next level.
4.They can be linked to other systems through AppExchange, which is a business app store for Salesforce. This makes Salesforce more powerful.
5. Huge Salesforce community like trailhead 

//https://focusonforce.com/crm/top-5-reasons-why-salesforce-is-the-best-crm/
Here are top resons which makes salesforce best CRM.

1.  It provides a wide range of services.
2.  It gives well-planned customization and scalability.
3. It provides better management, support, and marketing.
4.  It has great data security and safety.
5. Its acquisitions are strategic and purposeful.
